Alright, it's been a while.
Continuing on now. Yes. OK, so
the job, your memory. We have
complex scenes and graphic
novels, and this one is a
complex scene to take between
three and five minutes. Describe
what you see and what is
happening in details. OK, here
we go.
#START_make_a_splash OK, so we
are in another where's Waldo
book and this one is called
making a splash and so we're
looking at.
Starting at the top left, we're
looking at a bunch of flumes. If
you know what a flume is, it's a
tube that water goes through and
you ride down it. So as you can
see that sometimes you're
covered up and sometimes you're
not.
There's all sorts of people,
little people and big people
going through it. And normally
you wear bathing suits. Oh, I
see. Everybody I see is wearing
a bathing suit. There's a whole
crowd of people up at the top
waiting in line, waiting their
turn to go down. These flumes,
and they're very colorful. Next
to them is a bunch of palm
trees.
And.
Water everywhere. It is a like a
water park, and so there is.
Down below the palm trees,
there's more people floating
around. I forget it's like
called someplace. It's called a
lazy river. It's just a a moving
water that goes in one direction
all around the whole park. And
you ride it on inner tubes. And
so there's a lot of people. Some
are sharing inner tubes, some
are on their own, some are just
floating around.
Real relaxed. And others are
talking to the ones that they're
with. And then the that Lazy
river goes under a bridge and
there's people crossing the
bridge from one part of the park
to the other and somebody
shooting a.
A water gun. A big old water gun
at the people in the Lazy River.
You've got a lifeguard. Let me
see if I see more than one. No,
not right now. So there's a
lifeguard sitting under a white
umbrella and we just keep going.
There's all kinds of things to
do in the biggest part of the
pool, so when people land from
the flumes, they end up in the
water.
There is a dock that people are
out on that they could go in and
out of the water. They're on the
other side. There are slides. So
now we're on the right side of
the page and there's all sorts
of slides that are different
colors of the rainbow and people
sliding down those into the
water as well. So if anybody
wants to do it more than once,
then they just climb out and
people are helping them, you
know, climb out so they can do
it again. I actually see at the
end of the dock kind of in the
middle.
There are stepping stones that
you can see if you can make it
across the pool without falling
in to get to the other side, and
some are making it and some are
not.
Right in the middle, at the top,
there's a.
Must be some
sort of ship. Well, it's a ship.
I was going to say a pirate
ship, but I don't see any
pirates. So it's just a big ship
that that everybody can climb on
and they're doing all sorts of
things. They're shooting like
water cannons, they're going
down a great big slide, and
they're also climbing up some of
the netting that goes up the
mast. So I think that gives you
a good picture. #END_make_a_splash
Good. So that was about four
minutes. Perfect. You need to
stop me if I'm saying too much.
I will. Don't worry. OK, so
we're going on to the next one,
which is also a complex scene,
OK?
#START_being_a_pirate OK, here's
the pirate ship.
This is about being a pirate 250
years ago it says. Interesting.
So there's one huge pirate ship
right on the left page, and lots
of people in it. So I'm assuming
that this is some sort of.
Well, what would you say
amusement park, where you can
see what it was like because
there's so many people all
around and there's some on the
far right side like having
picnics and waiting their turn,
and some are fishing off the
land. But in in the water
there's the main pirate ship,
there's another one to the left
of it and there's a couple of
big ships in the.
Well, I guess just one big ship
in the background and they have
those skull and crossbone black
flags that let you know it's a
pirate ship. All the other boats
there are.
Like lifeboats. And they are
being rowed with with oars and
from the people in it. And some
of them have like pirate guides
at the front and back and some
do not. So you know, there's
obviously some options that you
can do. I see one boat right in
the lower bottom right that has
broken and the people, it's
broken in half and so all the
people have fallen into the
water.
And people are helping them
climb up onto the bank in the
very middle of the page. there
is a octopus.
I would think that it is a fake
octopus because octopuses don't
go up like that out of the water
to just find people. But it
looks like it's grasping a
couple of people in the top,
which is interesting to me
because I don't know how they
would make that happen anyway.
Other than that.
Most of the people are just
involved in seeing what the
Pirates are doing and going back
and forth to the boat, but
apparently a lot of the fun part
of it is getting wet because
they're still, you know, a lot
of people in the water.
Not being
afraid. Somebody's diving into
the water, and that's probably
part of the fun of it. #END_being_a_pirate
I think that's it. OK, that was
about 3 minutes to move on.
OK, we got another one of
these.
Ooh.
Kind of tiny. Yeah, it is.
That's OK. OK.
#START_ancient_rome This is
called fun and games in ancient
Rome 2000 years ago.
So looking at the whole picture.
This is in what they called the
Colosseum back in those days.
And.
So it's all a round um.
Arena and above the arena you
see all of the spectators and
the spectators normally, I mean,
they're looking at everything
that's going on up.
You can see them all the way
around, but on the upper right
hand part you can see the people
who are special. There is a flag
hanging on the Colosseum wall
that shows the Roman crown. It's
a crown of Laurel and up above
it, way up above it you see must
be the Caesar, the Emperor on a
like a big sofa.
Some fancy thing. And all around
our soldiers, the Roman
centurions, and they're in their
their outfits with their hats,
helmets and and.
Shields and their uniforms and
they are all in front of him and
then up along the sides as well.
Well, the Roman arena was known
for a lot of things, and you've
got horses and Chariots down in
the bottom left there for the
chariot races and they're going
around. One of them has the
horse. That's funny, has the
horse holding the reins while
the people run.
And of course, that's just for
fun, because you know that won't
happen. There are a lot of wild
animals in there, and
unfortunately the Romans were
known for putting people in
fights against wild animals. So
you see some leopards there, at
least one couple of tigers, but
a lot of lions. And the lions
are in various places, but over
on the.
Upper left there is a whole
bunch of lions that apparently
are the smart ones, and they've
decided they know how to get out
of the colosseum by forming a
pyramid and standing on each
other's backs. So you've got all
three on the bottom and then
two, and they're climbing up,
going into the stands and that
part of the stands. You see the
spectators all running away and
leaving their stuff because.
Those lions have come into the
area where the spectators are
and none of them want that to
happen.
It looks like some of the Roman
centurions are standing around
the lions, but they don't know
what to do because they're doing
nothing. Some of them are
holding their heads, some are
just, you know, like looking at
at at the situation. But they're
not going after the lions
because they don't want to be
involved in all of that. I
think. I think that's it.
There's a lot of activity in
that arena. There's, you know.
It they
there's a saying called the
Three Ring circus. It's a lot
more than that. You could look
at anything and see stuff that
would be enjoyable and stuff
that would be scary. #END_ancient_rome
OK, perfect. That was 4
minutes. Good.
OK, so we're now going to see a
graphic novel, or part of it.
OK, this one has around 3
pages.
Hmm.
Haven't seen this in a while.
OK.
#START_arrival_2 We are back to
the sepia toned pictures and on
the left hand side there is a
series of 12 pictures. On the
right hand side there's a big
picture at the bottom and three
pictures at the top. So we'll
start on the left side. On the
left side we see pictures of.
People waiting.
Um, looks like a mother and. Or
a man and wife maybe. I don't
know. Then in the middle there
are three men waiting. They look
like they're getting ready to
travel. There's a suitcase in
both of those pictures, and then
the top right picture has a
woman and a baby and a man
walking away or with his back to
her.
It looks like that man goes down
to the next picture and he's
pulled out some paper in a book,
and then in the next series of
pictures he is writing and then
tearing out a piece of paper and
then folding it.
In 1 2 3 pictures he's folding
it to be like an origami swan
and and then or a crane. I don't
know the difference in how they
make them. And then down at the
bottom he's looking at it.
He.
He looks around him and then,
um, I can't tell if he's let it
go or not because he's near his
suitcase again and it looks like
it might be in his hand, but
it's pretty small and I can't
tell. So on the next page you
see this man looking around.
He's looking up into the sky and
now he sees.
He sees a lot of white birds in
the sky, which to me would have
been like what he would have
released as as his origami bird.
And we see the whole scene now
that all of these people are on
a steamship of sorts. You see
the water in the background, a
lot of big pipes from the
steamship and people on deck.
OK, so.
Now we see um on both sides of
the page. A panoramic picture
of.
The harbor of a big city.
And you see the people on the
boat still looking into this
city harbor, there's some small
boats, there's another
reasonable size boat and then
some great big boats. And on the
left hand side you see the city
in the background and it's a big
city with a lot of skyscrapers
and you see some other barge
type big boats in the foreground
on the right hand side.
There are it looks like it's the
same city and the same scene,
but I could be wrong. At any
rate, we're now seeing what I
what seems to be a close up or
or just big.
Statues and it's
Two boats.
With
Like utensils and pots in them,
and the one on the left has a
suitcase. And then there's two
big people, one with a
Rodent type animal on the left
on his arm and one on the right
with a bird on his shoulder and
they're shaking hands. And to me
right now I can't make sense of
of where they are because all
the other boats are small and
normal sized and these are so
big and the people are so
outsized that I have to say it
looks like a statue.
Ah, so now we see the white
birds, oh, we see the big boat
that these people are on, or
that's what I think it is from
the front coming into this
harbor with other boats around
them. And those white birds are
all around the boat, flying up
into the air around it. And you
see all the people still on the
deck.
And then we see on the right,
that's one big picture on the
left, on the right, we then see
the people waiting. We see
someone giving them directions,
them opening the gates and
people grabbing their suitcases
and beginning to move and going
down the
The walkway
Where this man
was still giving direction, he's
standing there making sure
they're doing what they're
supposed to. And so the bottom
picture then shows us with all
of these people who had been on
the boat, standing on the dock
or the OR the land with their
suitcases in hand and the ship
is in the background, but
they're not moving anymore. #END_arrival_2
OK, alright. That was this part
of this story. We'll move on. So
this one is really long. Long.
OK, have you can.
Feel free to go slightly
quicker. OK, we'll do. Yeah,
that's a long one. We'll do it.
OK, let's start. OK.
#START_wanderer Undo book. OK,
so we have two characters on the
left side in six pictures, and
they're creating something and
it
It looks like one is in a
costume.
And one is not um.
It looks like a a man or a boy
and and another large adult in a
costume that has horns and
I can't tell what else right now
they have this huge sheet of
What I will say is probably
paper because of the way that
they're folding it, it folds
pretty easily and they're making
what might look like a hat, but
it's also like a boat. And so on
the.
When they finish making it, you
see on the right hand page a big
ship in the water and the
little, I'm going to call it a
paper boat, is off to the side.
Then we see from above the
little boat, only with a lot of
birds flying above it and a
great expanse of water with a
lot of waves. Yeah.
OK, so now in this great expanse
of water with waves, pointy
waves like little mountains, you
see the birds above, and these
sea creatures looks like three
of them looking like.
Uh, oddly shaped turtles with
squares of black and white on
their back. Two of them are
right by the boat looking up out
of the water at it, and one is
still just swimming. And then
there is this huge creature on
the right that the boat is
approaching. It's huge. It's
probably 100 times bigger than
the boat.
Now.
Where the next page shows us
that we're under the water and
we see what's happening under
the water where the boat is up
on top. And that huge thing that
we saw is actually one of the
fins, I guess I would call it of
a whale type creature and we're
in the undersea now and that
whale creature is the biggest
down there, but there are many,
many others. There's a.
Sailfish and lots of schooling
fish in in rotating forms. The
fish are of all different sizes
and they're beautiful. You also
see corals and and probably some
seaweed on a big mass over to
the right hand side and the rest
is just fish. Here I am looking
for the the turtles and I don't
see them.
OK, now we're looking at the
boat still above the water, but.
They probably from the boat can
see all kinds of things now
because there's not a lot of
water underneath them before
they see the the life, the sea
life. And there are fish that
are actually appearing to be
coming out of the water where
they would see them right away
because it's a big like jumping
school. Other than that we see
beautiful fan shaped corals and
everything and it looks like
there's some sort of eel over on
the left.
Other than that, it's more of
the same. Big beautiful fish and
everything is in black and
white. I didn't even say that.
Yeah.
Ohh OK now there's two scenes on
the left. You have the boat and
there's a squid like creature.
There are several of them
swimming up toward the boat and
one of them is.
Touching the boat it looks like
it might be trying to find out
what it is. You have two fish
kissing down underneath by the
coral, and other than that.
Oh, those two fish kissing have
fish heads and.
And then they have bodies that
are standing up so that the head
is the fish part and then
there's bodies and arms that's
unique. And then the other, all
the other fish look like
tropical fish. On the right hand
side, you now see that there is
a fishing pole coming from the
paper boat up on top and they
have caught a fish on the end
and several of the fish.
Are looking at that and the fish
person that I told you about
before now has scissors in their
hands and are looking at the
fish that was caught. Like I
need to rescue this fish.
So.
Two pictures on the left hand
side.
Um, you see fish kind of
forming. No, they're not forming
a column. They're on a column of
big, big coral. And one of the
fish that's big is holding up a
sea horse on top of his head,
looking at the boat. And the
seahorse has like a paper hat on
his head that looks similar to
the boat on the next picture on
the right.
There is. Uh, you see, the
seahorse is in the boat.
And he does have a paper hat on
his head, and there is something
long.
I can't tell. Yeah, I think it's
gone into the boat. It looks
like there's a.
Ohh gosh, a sea plant.
That has grown from the bottom.
All the other sea plants are
short, relatively short. And
this sea plant has grown like it
wants to attach itself into the
boat or go in there. And here we
see rays. There's all sorts of
rays. Instead of fish, there's a
spotted ray and a bunch that are
Gray, and then there's a white
one, or the underside looks like
the underside of 1. It's a
different color.
OK, so now we see the boat.
From the top and you don't see
under the water anymore and it's
approaching.
Probably an island being that I
live in Florida, I'm going to
say it's mangroves because it
has those, those mangrove roots
at the bottom. And I would call
it a Rookery because here in
Florida we have all of these
places where the birds will
gather and that's where they
nest and sleep. And so this boat
is now approaching that and you
see some of the the plants.
The younger plants out by the
boat that almost look like
flowers, but chances are really
good they'll just grow into more
mangrove trees.
And now you have a cut out view
of what is under the water and
what is above the water. And you
see the boat has gone into these
mangrove plants that have these
amazing prop roots that actually
have wildlife life in them. And
eventually they'll become
islands because everything will
collect around them. But right
now you see where the little
plants start at the bottom.
And um, where they grow and you
see a swarm of fish on the right
hand side and you see different
fish further over to the right
that have like lights for eyes
and a lot of little fish and
birds still in the trees because
you're in the middle of the
Rookery.
And so here we have the seahorse
in, still in the boat in the
middle of all of this, and some
of these are now now in the
plants areas you're going to see
animals, wildlife, and some of
them are pretty ugly looking.
There are birds up in the tree.
All these have lights for their
eyes, so they must be nocturnal.
You see crabs grow climbing up
the roots.
Parrot type birds up in the tree
and then these creatures that.
Are probably alligator like with
short legs and big pointed heads
and teeth.
OK, I guess we're in two
pictures here.
OK, on the left hand side, the
seahorse that's in the boat is
peering over into the water and
you, we can see under the water,
but he's trying to see what's
under there and we see a.
Hmm, some sort of sea creature
riding on a lobster and then
There are still some other
pretty things under the water
and as you go to the right hand
side.
We see more things under the
water, but in between those prop
roots now we see other sea
horses that look like the one
that is in the boat and the one
in the boat is jumping out to
see those and his hat flies off.
Now the boat has gone to a whole
other place and it looks like
it's an island from the top of
the water because there's birds
landing on it. But when you see
the cutaway view, you realize
it's really the top rounded part
of the head of this big whale
like creature. And then in the
next picture the boat has gone.
Over.
To a different creature that
still has that same kind of
look, but it has
Like front claws and is standing
on a wreck or a number of wrecks
from ships that have probably
formed a reef. And so he's
standing on that. He's got curly
cues all over his back and he
has teeth and his mouth is
facing the boat but doesn't look
like the boat can see it.
Well.
Um, it's sunset.
And all the other things are
coming out for the night time.
And the boat is now in the
middle of still on top of the
water, but everything else is
coming out from under the water.
And there's all kinds of things,
including a dog and a cat and a
leopard and all kinds of things.
So, you know, this could really
be a crazy dream. And there's
birds.
Turning into butterflies up in
the air and it looks like a moon
with a bat flying in front of
it, but it also looks like
there's some fish tails around
it, so I don't know if it's a
blower fish that's floating in
the air or it's a moon. Very
interesting picture, all sorts
of creatures that don't look
like they're in the right place,
elephants and everything.
Ah.
Much better.
So now we have the dark of
night.
And you can see like a Milky Way
Galaxy in the sky.
Um, but everything else is stars
in the sky and a Crescent moon
and the white boat floating on
the water with all sorts of
eyes.
On the creatures under the
water, that really just kind of
looked like shadows of fish, but
they're all very interested in
the boat and approaching it.
Yes, yes, they were approaching
it, and so now they're all
coming out of the water with the
lights on their eyes.
The boat in the dark is
surrounded by all these fish,
like standing on their tails
looking at the boat.
Oh, oh, oh.
I love this, yes.
This I wish I would really see
this. It looks like they have
there's a name for it like it
looks like that I think somebody
has referred to it as like the
hem of angels garments that come
in light forms out of the sky.
It's a, it's a light and cloud
formation coming out of this
starry night sky and you see
that most of the fish.
Are not there anymore, but the
boat is still there on this
expansive water with the starry
night above it and this gorgeous
light formation up in the sky.
Now.
It's still night time and the
boat has gone further and it
looks like it's approaching a
huge iceberg, big white iceberg,
so high and the next picture
looks like there's a place that
that it can go through a hole in
the iceberg on the left hand
side as as it approaches this
hole there are floating pieces,
smaller pieces of ice all in the
water.
And as he goes through this
archway, it looks like trees.
Fur trees with snow on them in
the distance and then in the
next picture on the right you
see that this is like a cavern
in the iceberg that has a lot of
pathways and the boat is going
through them.
OK. And so now we're coming out
on the other side of the iceberg
or what appears as an iceberg
and the little boat is coming
out and there's something that
is shining on it that is coming
up out of the water like a lamp
on a curved pole and on the
right hand picture you see.
I want to say it's a man, but I
doubt if it is. It's a man like
like figure with arms and a body
and a head that has one of those
divers helmets on it and the
light is he is picked up the
boat and the light is now
shining on the boat. But there
are lights from various places
on these curvy poles that are
flexible and they can move to
shine in various ways.
Looks like another one might be
coming out of the water, because
the one on the one that's
holding the boat has a number 08
on his head and the other one
has a 05, but their hands look
like fishtails.
But it does have an oxygen tank.
OK, now we're finally on the
next picture, seeing the little
boat still back in the water and
and yet one of those curvy
lights is still next to it and
it's turned and shining on a
huge ship. And there's white
birds again, there's two huge
ships. And so the little boat is
approaching that and this ship
has.
Uh, cargo Nets hanging from it.
Um, one of them has a fishtail
hanging out of it. One of them
has a lot of little fish, some
which are spilling out.
And um.
Uh, it
The the bone in the background
has um
Big
Smokestacks and so it looks like
there's just a lot of smoke in
the air, but it's on the other
side of the big boat too, so I'm
not sure if it's going to turn
out to be just smoke.
And it wasn't. Oh, here we go.
The boat is now on the left hand
side of the page in a dark space
like where all of that smoky
stuff came. It looks like it's
now a forested area and.
Um, the white birds are
everywhere. Some of them have
are heading toward the boat, one
of them is in the boat. Some of
them are diving into the water
and then in the next page on the
right.
Umm.
You see that
I guess.
It doesn't, it looks like a
landing spot. It looks like. Ohh
what would you call it like?
On big pillars where they would
take care of emptying things off
the boat, there's cranes on the
left hand side that have a big
fish on. It looks like they're
ready to pick up some cargo. It
has smokestacks and looks like a
place where it will produce
things. You still see all of the
birds flying and going into the
water, but you don't see the
little white boat anymore.
No. Now we see the little boat,
and there are creatures from
this
This
production area coming out of
windows and one of the big
pilings and shooting
Something shooting
At the boat and anything else in
the water, which includes those
diver people and there is a huge
claw on a chain coming down like
it's going to grab them and pick
them up.
Um, on the right hand side.
You see the boat again and it
now has a life preserver thrown
into it by one of those diver
men.
Well, this is, this is real,
really a diver man. It has
hands. It's not like the other
ones.
And it's coming out
On top of what I guess would
best be described as a rocket
looking submarine and apparently
he he wants to jump into the
boat through the life preserver
over there. We'll see.
Yes. So now this looks like
almost a combination scene, but
you've got the you have the
diver holding on to the rope
That he has attached to the boat
by that life preserver. And the
boat is the little little boat,
little white boat is going
through very big waves and it is
approaching.
Another boat that is made out of
a Nautilus shell.
And has a kite for a sail and a
tall mast, and here we have that
First character that we saw in
the costume with the Horn on his
head up in the Crows Nest area
of the mast with all these other
creatures of
All kinds.
In the boat with him, including
a horse, and like a reindeer and
little things and a cat and.
A big conglomeration of strange
looking animals.
So as we look at this, a
you see that our little boat now
looks farther away from this
Nautilus ship.
And because a big big huge wave
has come up and it is now caught
in the Crest of the wave and is
actually pointing upward.
caught in the Crest of the wave
on the right hand side of the
page you see that the Nautilus
boat now has a hole in the kite
sail and there are two little
creatures in it. It looks like
they're just looking over, but
they could be jumping and all
the other animals are looking to
see what is going on. And down
at the bottom you have that
diver man in that boat now with
the
Horned costumed creature man up
at the top with a huge paper
airplane. Huge. Much bigger than
he is. Pointed in the direction
of the boat, like he's going to
do something to save it.
So on the left hand side you see
big Lightning coming through.
I guess its a space in in the
trees or big dark clouds um and
hitting the water but the little
boat is now just floating on the
top of the water again and then
on the right hand side of the
page you see this.
White paper airplane making its
way streaking through the
darkness above the water.
So now the boat has approached
this place that looks like.
Well, seriously, it looks like a
bunch of Donuts standing on end,
but it's supposed to represent
miles and miles of
A long tail of these sea
serpents. And so I think I only
see one sea serpent head, but
the possibility of others in
various places. So it could be
more than one or it could be
just one humongous one. And at
the top on the top of this,
where 1 sea serpent is coming
out and curling himself up, he
caught the paper
airplane
in his mouth
Oh, now.
On the left hand side you see
underneath all of that and you
see the head of the.
The head and neck of that sea
serpent and I I don't really see
anything else. He's just looking
down. I don't see the paper
airplane anymore. And then on
the next picture you see the
boat going through all the
channels formed by the archways
of the sea serpent tail and two
other creatures that are not
like the sea serpent are making
appearances in the background.
One of them, and and he's right
here on the next picture, one of
them has.
Has a horn on the front of his
head like a narwhal, and so I
would guess that's what that is
now that you see him up close
and the other one has
Like a sawtooth, like a a a
sawfish wood. But it doesn't.
He's not shaped like a fish.
He's shaped like an elephant, as
far as his head and his snout,
and they're approaching
Uh, they see the little boat and
they're pouring water into the
little boat. The narwhal is from
his nostrils. And as they as
they're doing that, the boat is
looks like it's trying. Yeah. In
the next picture you see that
the boat is approaching a what I
would call a desert island where
other things have.
Crashed or been and left trash
and standing on that is a fish
man, spotted fish man with long
fins and a bathing suit.
Ohh.
And now we're underwater with
sea anemones and jellyfish and
beautiful things still all in
black and white. And the boat is
underneath the water, swimming
through those, floating through
those.
So apparently the boat is now
underwater and on the left side
is passing, passing a school of
fish with those lights for eyes.
There's a couple of small things
down underneath them. One looks
like a watermelon and then on
the right hand side you see the
boat looks like a
Big um
Ohh, I don't know. Big Sea
creature is approaching the boat
and everything else like those
little watermelon things with
tails are swimming around it.
Everything's dark. It's
underneath the water.
Well, now everything's not dark
anymore. So on the on the left
hand side you see that our
little boat has landed like on
the bottom of this body of
water, and three little crabby
looking creatures are crawling
all over it and there's a big
spotlight shining on it from the
top down on the next page.
It appears
That, um, things have shifted a
little and we see that that
light comes from
A submarine.
And the submarine is near this
huge
I think it's an eel. I'm trying
to think of what it's got. Yeah,
it's a yeah, it's a a Moray eel.
And then there's all these
little Firefly looking.
I'm going to call them
creatures. They're probably
fish. They could be men because
they have lights coming from
them and so it's a little hard
to tell right now, but the boat.
The little boat is
Is on the front part of that
submarine, like the submarine
went and picked it up.
And apparently it has so on the
Left hand side, you see the
submarine coming out of the
water with the boat on its tip
front tip and all the water that
was caught in the boat is now
spilling out of it. So it looks
like it'll be dry and able to
float again and there's a bunch
of fish underneath then on the
right hand side.
You see the boat floating just
fine. And some other.
A small ship
And there's white birds there
now. A small ship is being
attacked by this huge squid
Near the boat.
And now on the left hand side we
have a bunch of sea lions
playing with the boat, turning
it on end and you can see them
underneath the water. And above
the water we have a cutaway
version. And then on the right
hand side, I think this is all
one picture, it's hard to tell.
On the right hand side there's a
lot of sea ferns and still
another sea lion and some fish
and more activity.
Under the water.
And now we see under the water.
On the left hand side there are
more sea creatures.
Big beautiful fish or some
coral, lots of those sea ferns
and like Manowar and then on the
right hand side the boat keeps
going and you see that there is
some sort of wreck down there
and.
And it looks like a recovery
effort. There's a long
extension.
Of some sort. Like it would be
collecting things from this,
from this boat. And there is a
diver down there, a man looking
diver.
Ah, so now.
On the left hand side you see
the boat on the top of the water
and on the top of the water
there's a buoy. And there are
some crazy looking creatures
climbing the buoy, but there's
one that is a man's man diver
and one that is not a man diver,
it's some other sort of creature
that looks like it has been
diving and they are on the back
of
Another fish type thing or sea
serpent type thing that is looks
like it's brought them to the
buoy and the boat is watching
this happen. Then in the right
hand picture the boat is
approaching a lighthouse on a
small island or a big rock and
it looks like there's someone
coming down from the lighthouse
to see the boat and there are a
couple of ships in the
background.
Yeah.
This is a cutaway version.
And um.
I don't see the lighthouse
anymore, so I guess that was as
it was approaching the harbor
because there's still other big
boats around and we see a
cutaway of this huge bridge that
is.
Built out of like steel rafters
and it goes down underneath the
water. You can see all the steel
girders and you can see the
little boat in front and there's
other boats, you can see the
bottoms of them and there's not
much sea life you see, but you
see the ferns and some fish and
then up above.
On the end of this
Bridge, there's a round
Building that looks like it
would be an observatory because
it has like lampposts around it
and people inside of it and
looks like glass that they'd be
looking out of.
And now this is a double page
spread and you see the city in
the background and the little.
White boat is near this huge
ship.
And you can see the other things
that are approaching are of
different sizes. And you have a
submarine, you have a nice
little ship with a horn on top
and a sailboat
And white birds.
Ohh my.
So now the white boat has made
it to the dock. It's very tall
dock and very huge ships by this
dock. Two very huge ones. But
you see people on the dock
Waiting and waving and.
Actually.
These are two different
pictures, so I missed part of
that.
As it must be all in the same
area, though, there's that huge.
whale like creature that now has
an oxygen take strapped on his
back and it looks like he's
wearing clothes.
He has, he has a shower coming
on his head coming from what I
thought was an oxygen tank, but
maybe it's a water tank and he's
approaching the dock and the
fish and there's a small fishing
boat in front of him in that
land buoy and white birds. And
so we weren't really quite to
the dock yet. But then in the
next picture you see the boats
up close on the dock and you
don't see the whale
Anymore, even though obviously
he's approaching the dock
Umm.
OK. On the left hand side you
see the little boat with it's
near a couple of smaller boats
and you see the dock in the
background and the dock workers
and the cranes and the the
freight that they're unloading.
And then on the right hand side,
we don't see the little boat
anymore, but we see one of those
cranes up close and personal
pulling out of the water
What looks like a sea creature,
but really is some sort of lab,
because there are people in the
very top part of it, a glassed
in part of it, and the rest of
it has portholes in it.
Now on the left hand side you
see another boat.
Which the little white boat is
right next to another boat in
front of the city near the dock,
and this boat on its crane has
pulled up
The narwhal looking creature and
the saw, what did I call it, saw
fish looking creature in a big
net. and on the right hand side
you see that the little boat is
approaching the dock and the boy
that we saw in the very front,
very first page who was making
the boat is coming down the
stairs of the dock
With the buildings on the of the
city in the background, go
ahead.
And there you see the city
From above.
And the water continues to go
through like a river in the city
with some arches, interesting
arches. It looks like people
live in them. There's lights all
in there like it's a house and
but the little boat is just
floating along that. And there
are, the one thing that I see
that I recognize is a creature
flying above the boat with bat
like wings and human like legs.
I think we saw them before, I
said. He had long fins, but
above him are this little
propeller things that we saw
like crashed on that Desert
Island before. And up on the top
of one of the buildings in the
center is a
Is a reindeer. We saw that
before too. Oh, and there's
pigeons over on the right hand
side like the birds. Same shape
as the birds that were
That we saw before going through
the mangroves.
OK, now we are back. Um on
underground. Now we're in the
river. The white boat is in the
river. We now see the Nautilus
boat in the river and the
A lot of the characters that
were in this before are coming
down the steps to looking at the
little boat. We see the man
diver, we see some sort of
jester, which I don't think we
saw before. We saw those two
little creatures that were that
were going through things before
they were on the
They were on the Nautilus ship.
And now the Nautilus ship has a
the kite sail is not not torn
anymore, but it's repaired. You
can see that it has sewing on
it, and the cat is up at the
top, and the man in the black
costume from the first page with
the horn on his head is now on
the horse climbing up the
stairs, and the reindeer is
behind him climbing up the
stairs.
Along with another creature, and
so the boat. Now as we go to the
next page, the boat has passed
all of those.
And we, I don't see anybody
that's familiar. So the boat has
gone on even though there are
there's like a one of those sea
serpents that's near the
stairway.
And now we have.
On the left hand side, a picture
of the submarine coming up and
some of those fish standing up
out of the water with the lights
for their eyes looking at that.
And they're right near the dock
where the lamp posts are. And
then in the next page you see
the little boat
going past
The submarine on the left and on
the right there's another little
boat that is docked near the big
wall that with stairs going up
and it's still night time but
we're in in the river.
OK, so the little boat is now
going.
To another set of stairs where
there is a lamppost and a house.
And.
Yeah, I thought there was a
person at the top of the stairs.
And it's approaching that. And
so you see the little boat.
And you see a person in the
boat.
Huh.
When you see the first close up
of the boat, you know he's right
by the dock and you see that
barely a shadow of somebody
inside of it. And the next
picture, you see that person a
little more clearly. He's
starting to come out of the peak
of the boat and then there's
even more someone else. I mean
he's getting out and then the
this person that has just
appeared is now on the steps and
he's getting
Clearer and clearer and the boat
is getting
More and more
transparent and is disappearing.
And by the time you get to the
bottom, you see the person
climbing up the stairs and no
boat is there anymore and he's
coming up to meet this other
person at the top of the stairs. #END_wanderer
all right.
Woo Hoo.
Now we've got another graphic
novel.
So this one has five pages.
#START_arrival_1 OK, we're back
to the sepia tones and there is
a page with nine pictures on it.
First picture has.
A framed family photo on a
ledge. Second picture, there is
a hand picking up that photo.
Third picture, they are putting
that photo in to a wrapper.
4th picture they're tying up the
wrapper.
And.
The next two pictures, they're
just
Putting it
Um, into another like a satchel
With a strap on it so that it's
secure inside. Probably a
leather bag of some sort.
OK, now we see on the left hand
side.
9 pictures and on the right hand
side we see one large photo and
it appears that each of the
items on the left hand side are
found in the picture on the
right there is an origami bird.
And.
A clock and a hat on a hook and
a pot
For eating out of. Umm a child's
drawing a cracked teapot.
A cup of coffee or tea with some
maybe money or pictures next to
it. A suitcase and the family
picture.
And they're all found on the
picture and the right and that
and that picture has the man and
woman looks like it's from that
family picture with the suitcase
and their hands on the suitcase
together. Her hand is on top of
his, so he's probably the one
leaving.
The next picture
Uh, the next page has nine
pictures on the left, and then
one picture on the right. And
the pictures on the left are of
the little girl who was in that
family, waking up, stretching,
eating breakfast, noticing the
suitcase, seeing her dad put on
his hat. Her mom put on her
kerchief, and then she puts on
her hat in their dressing her to
go outside with boots. And she
waits
For them. And then the dad
reaches an apparently he's going
to get his suitcase. The picture
on the right is a large picture
of them, apparently outside the
door of their home walking
together. The dad has the
suitcase, and the shadow of a
large dragon tail is on the
building.
So the next one tells a story,
mostly in little pictures.
You've got the little girl
holding her hand, dad's hand
looking up at him, looking
around, and then they are at the
train station and they are in
the middle of some other people.
But the big picture is the train
station. And then you see her
looking her dad is
Talking to her because it has
his hand on her shoulder and
she's looking up at him and he
takes off his hat and there's
the origami bird and he puts it
in her hands and then she's
looking at it. He's hugging her
goodbye. She keeps the bird. The
mom is crying. The mom hugs the
dad and he talks to her in her
ear. Then he takes the suitcase
and goes up into the train and
they all reach hands as long as
they
can and then you see the train
pulling away
In the distance.
So here we have, we see the
family picture right away. And
so we know the family pictures
with the dad because it's in the
suitcase. And so we see that
he's put it, put taking it out
of the suitcase and he's
wherever it is that he's eating,
he's eating a bowl of soup and
looking at the picture. And then
you see we back off out of that
picture and you see that he is
in a porthole. So he's in a room
on a ship and you just see more
and more portholes.
And then it's a
huge ship and we just back
further like you're zooming out
and then you see that it's on a
big ocean liner. #END_arrival_1 OK, so then
that one now.
We've got another part of the
story. There's 4 pages.
OK.
This is the same story.
Different parts, right. OK.
#START_arrival_5 So I'm still
sepia tone and when we look at
the picture on the left.
It's a city.
It's a City made of buildings
that look like owls.
And um.
There are boats and water in the
front like it's on a river, a
dock with boats on it and a
buildings of multi stories on a
terrace
Piece of land.
Umm.
So the pictures on the right
tell the story.
It appears that the boat,
I would say the boat is being
tied up onto a post that looks
like a cat and the man is
The man, the father
Is the man in the hat, and then
there's another man who is
guiding him, showing him the
way, and then we see a child
with
With two pets carrying something
up the stairs, and the child
gives this bowl to his mother,
it appears, a woman, and then
the the man who was guiding the
father, the blonde man, I'll
call him, he greets the woman. I
don't know if it's a relative or
a wife, but he has a basket of
things as well, and.
Or maybe he takes them from her,
I don't know. And then they both
greet the father, who is taking
his hat off and greeting them.
She welcomes them in, they have
something to drink and share,
and then they share food from
that.
Basket with a little bit of
preparation that they're having
to do.
So then,
On the left, there's a big
picture of them eating together,
the strange food at a table.
There's the boy and the blonde
man and the woman and the father
and the pets are down on the
floor eating some, and the
father appears to be cooking one
of these. Umm.
One of these things for dinner
with a torch and they're they're
eating their utensils and
everything. So on the right hand
side you see them blonde man
laughing, the lady laughing, the
father laughing and looks like
he's explaining something. Then
the father plays an instrument,
the mother plays an instrument,
the boy plays an instrument, and
then the father takes his piece
of paper out of his book and
makes an origami cat.
And gives it to the boy, and the
father takes out a pot, a clay
like a clay pot, out of a
cupboard, and the man and woman
Uh.
have it together like they're
telling him about it, and then
you see it being held in the
man's hands, the blonde man's
hands.
So.
Ah, then we have a series of
pictures that tell the story.
You see the pot, you see it's
all rather dull in the picture.
And then you see the light
coming out like it's daylight
and the pot is in the window
frame, or or at least you can
see that's where the lights
coming in. Then the father wakes
up and the one of the pets from
the family is there and he gets
is with him on the bed and then
the father gets dressed.
And.
Cuts a piece of whatever he was
eating and gives it to the pet.
Puts on his jacket, finishes
dressing and the pet is handing
him his hat.
So we have a half page picture
that shows the man walking
through the crowds outside with
the pet next to the the Father
man walking outside with the pet
next to him. And then you see
people working, some of them are
pulling on ropes or poking
things into a furnace. I can't
tell which it is. Looks like a
furnace. I guess there is
A man with a big hat taking
things out of a basket to feed
animals. There is 3 people in
the next picture where one of
them is making payment for
something that is being
purchased. So it's like a
market, the outdoor marketplace.
someone is
Doing some artwork. Someone's
painting on a wall and someone
is it appears to be maybe fixing
some food on a food cart. So the
father and then on the right
hand side there's four big
pictures are good size pictures.
And then the father is talking
to someone who is wearing a
bakers outfit and the man is the
Baker is saying like no thank
you. And then the
Father is talking to someone in
front of like a big boiler. Uh,
he has tools in his hand like a
wrench and the.
The man is saying no with his
hand. And then you see the
father in a in a shop where it
might be a pet store. There's
all these little pets and pots,
and the woman is putting up both
hands like no, no, thank you.
And then you see him going to a
shipyard.
Because you see
the big propeller and people
fixing ships, and he's talking
to another man, explaining
something, and the man had his
hand up, and since everyone else
had their hand up saying no,
he's probably saying no as well,
right? #END_arrival_5 OK, so another part is
done.
OK, so here we go. Another
part of it. Sure.
#START_arrival_3 OK, so now
everything still sepia. We see 8
pictures on 2 pages. One is
someone carrying a sign board
like he's selling newspapers.
One is a lady carrying a cat or
holding a cat talking to another
lady. One is like a Barber shop
in this country. The next one is
someone playing music out on the
two people playing music out on
the street.
Umm.
Then there's one with someone.
He's preparing something. It
looks like a teapot, and
something that would be
To drink, but he has a cart and
looks like he has he's going to
sell these things.
And then the next one is a man
and woman with
Some items that they have for
sale, I can't tell what they
are, whether it's like big
loaves of bread or flat pots or
gourds or whatever. And then you
see people sitting and reading
things from someone is reading
from the newspaper while they
are sitting around together. And
then the last picture is the
father with his suitcase in his
hand looking around
Like he's wondering either which
way to go or what to do next.
OK, there are small pictures all
over these two pages and the
first one is the father looking
at his watch, then looking up at
another time piece and
Thinking like, has a worried
look. And so then you see him
walking from through the streets
and walking in front of the
building and walking further and
further and there's little
lights all around like it's
snowing
Or raining hail maybe because
then the you could see that the
wind has blown, it blows his hat
off and these little what were
looked like lights or snowflakes
or hail are now streaking
through from the wind. And so he
had dropped his hat and he goes
down to pick up his hat and as
he does he looks down.
And on the ground is a map, and
it becomes very interesting to
him. So he Stoops down, looks at
his book, looks at some words
that were giving him direction,
and compares that while he's
doing so, a man in a turban
comes up and taps him on the
shoulder to get his attention
and explains some things to him.
Um, because he doesn't speak
this language, apparently. So
the father is trying to say what
he needs. The man is trying to
explain. And finally the father
makes a drawing of a bed. And
and he said that the man knows
what he wants. And then the man
goes like, Oh yes, and he then
directs him where he needs to go
or tells him the way and then
leads the man on
Leads the father
and while he's walking. #END_arrival_3
OK, so that was another part of
the story. Yeah. So now we have
something different. This one is
a complex scene, OK?
Ha, alright, yeah.
Another where's Waldo. Of
course, I haven't even looked
for Waldo.
#START_escape_from_the_zoo So
this is called escape from the
zoo.
And um
So you have an overview of a big
zoo, the kind where all the
animals are outside in various
Uh, areas where they'll be
Where the people will be safe
from them, but they're not caged
in above. So you're looking at
the whole thing and we'll start
on the right hand side where
people come in. There's a shop
and a cafe and and the entrance
where people are buying tickets
and so you see birds all over
and they are
They are free to go places.
As we go around to the right,
you have gorillas and maybe some
other sort of primate, but
definitely a gorilla up at the
top. And these are on a
mountain, Rocky Mountain kind of
place. There are guardrails all
over, people looking. Rangers
telling kids not to climb on the
rails as we go further around to
the right or down
We see someone flying in a plane
over the zoo. We see birds
flying. We see tall giraffes in
this next scene, along with
anteaters and
Ohh.
Those antelopes with the curvy
horns and something else. It
might be like a boar. Yeah, I
think it is a boar.
All in one area, which is
interesting, one of the kids is
throwing popcorn into there,
which is not allowed we know, as
you keep going around where
people would walk around.
There's someone selling hot
dogs. You can see the ketchup
and and mustard out there, the
guy serving hot dog. Some of the
kids are wearing masks, some are
eating, some are just looking at
everything, some are scared,
some are not. And then there is
a rhinoceros.
That has gotten out of his place
and is running along, and
actually, I
The children are running in
front of him, like to get out of
his way. I'm not sure he's
chasing them. He's just going
along. But he has a happy face
and and he has a Penguin on his
back. So everybody's trying to
get out of the way of the
rhinoceros. Even a couple of
people who jumped over the rail
and found that they were then in
the Lions den, not exactly where
they should be, and now they're
scared, so.
Keeping on going around, we see
people taking pictures of a
Peacock, people looking at the
the animals in the water pen,
which is a hippopotamus and
flamingos and looks like a
roseate spoonbill, but it's not
pink, and then a zebra in there
with them.
And then going on further
around, you have lemurs up in
the trees and birds that are
probably a parrot of some sort
or that's what it looks like.
And then further back on the
left is ice where the polar
bears are and there's several of
them there. One is in the water
and people are looking at all of
those and then behind them
toward the back at the top
there's elephants and a probably
that's an ostrich.
And.
Benches where people can sit and
then right in the middle of this
circle that we've just walked
all around is like an ice castle
and
There's someone there with a
net. I'm not sure why, because I
don't think they're going to
capture anything, but maybe
that's where the Penguin came
from, because there is a ladder
that is coming, like a rope
ladder that has been put out
over it. Like someone made an
escape. And we did see that the
Penguin was on top of the
rhinoceros, so maybe that's
where they were.
There's
an ice cream place that looks
like a big ice cream cone right
next to that. And of course
there's a line of people there.
But basically everybody's
enjoying it except for those
that are being chased by the
rhinoceros. #END_escape_from_the_zoo OK, perfect. That
was about 5 minutes. OK. So this
would be the last time we do
maybe. So we actually have 26
item in total and now we're 25
and this is a 20 page.
Don't worry, OK?
#START_return OK, I recognize
these people. This is basically
a sepia tone with
Some colors.
For the things that they are
highlighting, so we begin with a
street scene with a brownstone
multi story house and a traffic
light where the only thing in
the picture that is colored is
the red light.
We go into the house and there
is
Uh.
This is a cutaway of the House,
so you see upstairs and
downstairs. So let's start with
the lower part. The lower part
of the cutaway shows you
underneath the street, the
piping and the boiler and that
kind of stuff. Then the first
level is where you walk in the
entry, a place to hang coats and
hats.
Mirror on the wall and stairs
that go upstairs and then behind
that is the kitchen with
cabinets, a stove, a sink, and
then behind that is another
staircase.
And then
The back room is where the girl
has her bedroom and you see her
bed and dresser and window and
she has some colored things on
her bed. There's some color in
her room. A map on the wall
looks like 2 mobiles hanging
from the ceiling and she has a
red crayon in her hand, a red
Crown on her head and looks like
a ball or balloon in her arm and
she is drawing a doorway with
the red crayon now up above her,
starting at the front you have,
I'm going to assume it's a
father since he has a beard. He
is sitting at a drawing table.
Looks like he's doing work.
There is a red kite in the room
and his clothes are blue so he
has some color in there. We go
out the door, you see there's a
stairway that goes down and that
is just like it appears to be
the landing area at the top. And
then it goes back to a different
bedroom where there is a looks
like a cat lying on the bed and
then behind that is a bathroom.
OK, so now we
Have on the left hand side the
father with no nothing about the
room anymore. You're not seeing
the room anymore, but you see
the father looking down where
the kite, the red kite has
fallen on the floor where it was
hanging before and he gets down,
picks up the kite and then.
Um.
Leaves the kite on the floor and
disappears out of the room. On
the right hand side we see that
he has gone into the girls room
and sees that the door that she
drew with her crayon has become
a real door and that she is out
the door. You see him looking
out the door so he steps through
the door and is now in this
Wonderland of magic that the
girl has created with beautiful
yellow lanterns.
And lights hanging from the
trees in this forested area with
a dock next to a stream and the
red ball is sitting on the dock.
So he goes to the dock and picks
up the red ball and as he does,
he sees this
Boat
With a fan tail and an animal
head coming toward him, and the
next picture is three a series
of three where he waits on the
dock, the boat comes up to him,
he steadies himself and decides
he's going to get on the boat
and the next one you see that
he's on the boat heading toward
the front of the boat and he has
the ball in his hand.
This is an all color picture on
both sides of the page and 1st
you see the father carrying the
red ball peering up into this
city with arches and castle type
towers and that's where the boat
is heading and it's going under
an arch so he
is looking up and the next
picture you see a red little
boat crossing over an archway,
but you don't see the animal
boat anymore and it's a moonlit
night and there is some sort of
blue roofed pagoda on the right
hand side.
OK, so the girl was in the boat
and she has gotten out of the
boat near that Blue Pagoda and
we see
the key a king and a boy with a
crown on his head and the purple
bird that is familiar from the
other stories like this. And so
the dad reaches the dock where
her boat is and he jumps off the
boat after the girl leaves the
ball on the boat and races after
her as she's going up the stairs
to the king and the boy and the
purple bird by the pagoda.
There are some onlookers on the
other side, and some
Looks like band members with
horns or
Yeah, they are on the right hand
side. So then in the next
picture you see the father.
Approaching the king who has
turned his head.
Along with the boy to look at
the girl who is standing with
her arms crossed in front of the
throne, but looking at it kind
of
With an attitude and not
sitting, a haughty attitude.
OK then we have all colors. In
the next picture the Purple Bird
is flying above and we see this
from the area of the throne and
the king has his hand on the
boy. The girl still has the
crayon in her hand and the dad,
all of them are facing where the
stairs were that she came, they
came up and you see coming out
of the animal
boat some guards and and the
next picture you see three
guards running up the stairs and
the king apparently has a
crayon. Also the boy has a
purple crayon, the girl has a
red crayon, and now we see that
it looks like the king has a
crayon.
OK.
So the king takes his orange
crayon and draws a straight line
while these guards are
approaching and this straight
line turns into a sword.
And the
I can't tell and this doesn't
look like a I guess it is a
guard. He has a helmet on, so
the guard comes in and it looks
like what he has a device that
Throws things at the
sword and cuts it in half. So
it's an attack of some sort, and
he gets the King's sword out of
his hand and breaks it up. And
then those
Not the guy with the helmet on
his head, but two other guards
take the king and the the helmet
guy runs away with the device
that he has and he and the king
is
Reaching out toward him.
So the next picture we see
The father, the daughter,
The boy with a crown on his
head, and the purple bird with
the girl and
Behind them is coming the man
with a helmet on his head and
that device in his hand. While
this is happening, the boy with
the purple crayon is drawing
what turns out to be
Like a Pegasus? That would would
be like a flying horse that
takes them all away.
Uh, the three of them away from
the person who was after the
helmeted guy. I mean from the
helmeted guy and down below it
appears that there were some
other people on a rock or
something.
Now we see from above, we see
the purple
Purple Flying horse with the
three people on it and the boys
crayon appears to be lost out of
his hand. It doesn't look like
he's throwing it. Looks like he
lost it, like it flew out of his
hand. And so we see that
The helmeted guy is down there.
He might be doing some of that.
He might be trying to make these
things leave because there's
purple coming out of his device
now and the animal boat is in
the background with the guards
holding the king, and down below
is just more of that castle area
and a lot of water.
And on the right
On the right hand side down in
the water is a rock with a
windmill. It must be a house or
two that I thought was people
before, but it's not.
Ohh.
So now we see.
The animal boat
is flying and the man with the
helmet is releasing all of these
purple feathers that are causing
problems and the king and the
two guards are in that boat with
the helmet person and the king
reached out to grab the boy who
had been thrown. Apparently
these feathers are are causing
problems or maybe it it
destroyed the bird. I can't
tell.
But the father and the girl and
the next picture are just
floating, like they're flying
through the air. They don't know
what's going to happen to him,
but she has the purple bird and
her red crayon.
So the father and the girl and
the purple bird fall into the
water and you see some fish and
her crown falls off.
And then while she's in the
water
She uses her red crayon and
draws a shape around the three
of them. The purple bird and the
dad and her that is on the next
page is probably going to turn
into something that will help
them.
And there it is. It's some sort
of.
Submarine, vehicle and on the
left hand side you see.
A mountain growing out of the
water with everything in color
now, it's beautiful and the
father and the daughter are in
the red
Submarine looks like the father
is sitting down driving it and
the girl is peering through the
Periscope.
So you see the
Submarine surfacing in a big
cave area and
I can't tell what's all over the
walls. Maybe it's drawings?
Like you might find in caves,
but there's a lot of things all
over there. Maybe they'll become
real, I don't know. But at any
rate, now the father and
daughter and purple bird are on
the top of the submarine in this
underground cave.
So she's pointing in the Cave at
this
And these drawings that appear
to be on the wall and behind her
is a column that is obviously
been fashioned by a human. And
over to the left there is a
precipice of rock that has a
little door underneath it. And
then on the right hand side you
see as they would look out of
this cave that it's just
it is, It's on open water, but
you see the shadow on the wall
of the animal boat, so it's they
must be coming toward them.
So then we're still inside The
Cave with the father and the
girl and the purple bird. They
are looking, peering out at
those who are coming out of the
animal boat, the guy with the
helmet and that device in his
hand.
And so then you see the father
has a crayon, looks like a black
crayon, and he is drawing he.
He's going to draw something.
He's pointing at the purple
bird. So he draws something and
we find out that it is a cage
for the purple bird.
Maybe in a doorway, but the bird
is now in a cage. The dad is
finishing his drawing.
Ah.
It does. It is a cage with the
bird in it. But it also is
created to have doors that will
fold up like it's a trap and
will catch the person who's
coming after the purple bird,
the guy with the helmet. So he
runs up the ramp to get the
purple bird, and his device
flies out of his hand as all of
the trapdoors begin to fold up.
And now he's in a cage. The
father has the device in his
hand. He looks like he's going
to throw it on the ground.
To smash it and
The girl is yelling.
Ah, so all the things that were
captured by that device, it was
probably like a vacuum.
When the father throws it down,
it explodes and the purple
flying horse
Comes back out of it and the
purple bird comes out of it, and
all these gorgeous rainbow
colors come out of it with
butterflies and and dragonflies.
And the boy and the king are
running toward the inside of the
cave where the dad and the girl
are. The helmeted guy is still
trapped, and the
Animal boat with the two guards
on it
is outside the cave, but the
guards drop their swords and and
it looks like the explosion
frightened them.
So then we see the cave with the
king and the boy and the purple
bird and the dad
And the girl and
I do not see.
I do not see the guy in the
helmet anymore, but the the
guards are taking that animal
boat away. Oh yes, I do see it.
It's up in the air. So the the
purple flying horse took the the
trap with the guy in it and is
flying away and the animal boat
is taking the bad guards away
and everything is colorfully
happy with birds
All the colors of the rainbow as
the those people, the bad people
left and the good people are
there. So then on the right hand
side we see that the girl is
thankful for to her dad for
coming. The king and the boy and
the bird are just fine watching
them, and the door under the
precipice turns out to be the
door that goes back into her
house because you see the red
kite
Tail coming out of it.
The last { is this, the last
picture. } The last picture
shows the kite flying outside of
the girl's house and the
trapdoor.
Um goes into the
dad's office and so that door is
still open and everything is
bright and cheerful, and they're
back home. #END_return All right, so we're
overtime and we have one.
Complex scene left of the whole
study. Would you have time to do
this? Sure. That means that we
will be done. We will be done,
yes. Yeah, sure. Why not? That's
easier than us trying to
reschedule. Yes. Yeah, it's the
last one.
Yeah.
#START_wild_west The wild, Wild
West. I knew that right away
because the first word I saw was
saloon.
So up at the top we have a hotel
and a saloon and this is a multi
layered picture of a Wild West
town from above. we have the
Wild West saloon.
We have
Is that another? Yeah, another
hotel and saloon and a general
store and a jail and a bank and
the pioneer saloon and another
saloon and the livery stable and
livery unstable. That's funny.
And one more saloon, it says.
So yeah, this is a place where
everybody can get a taste of
what the Wild West was like and
this is absolutely crazy. You
see the train and the very right
hand side red steam engine
pulling in.
And people getting ready to get
off. There's a Stagecoach there
too, so that's where all the
action is.
You see that everything you
would expect in a Western is
there. You've got Stagecoach.
You have
Let me go around here. You have
the saloons, you have people
dressed like Cowboys, you have
bank robbers on in front of the
pioneer saloon. They're running
away with masks
pulled over their faces and bags
of money and then up above that
it looks like
Gold that has fallen out of
something, but
And then you have the livery
stable with the horses in it and
over to the right looks like a
bunch of doctors in white coats,
so maybe they came for a visit.
And then above that, at the very
top, you see a pink and yellow
sunset and the Cowboys riding
off into the sunset in the
desert. So they must be doing
that as part of a
Uh, production, a presentation
at that. back on the other side
Yeah, at the top, by the saloon,
you see the sheriff trying to
arrest someone who's running
away with a bag of money. You
see the Conestoga, or covered
wagons driving down the street.
You see a gold mine, a gold
mine, and a gold yours. That's
funny. So yeah, I mean, they're
obviously making a fun time of
this and knowing that people
want to see what they expect the
Wild West to be, but on the
other hand, it was really
nothing like that. So they're
making making a joke of it too.
Looks like maybe, uh, there was
a fight in this hotel because
the tables are overturned and
some of the people look like
they're running away.
Uh, yeah. Somebody's falling
down the stairs in that hotel.
Maybe they were shoved down the
stairs. Somebody's trying to
break out of jail by going
through the chimney. There's
there's wanted posters.
There's Buffalo on stamps
instead, like a Stampede. A
Buffalo Stampede. And so they
have buffaloes on stamps going
through, going through the
street. That's really funny. And
then you have a horse who is
painting a painting of a covered
wagon, and everywhere you look
there's Cowboys and cowboy hats
and.
You know, even people drinking
too much outside the saloon and
people watching and there are
some film films going on because
they are making a movie. So up
where the sunset is, you've got
someone taking pictures. And on
the top of the hotel sign in red
you have people taking pictures,
the movie people. And there was
one other thing that I saw.
But I don't remember what it
was.
But that's OK ohh yeah. Up at
the top, the top saloon on the
right, that's a whole red
background. You've got people
playing music, fiddles and and a
piano and a banjo. And so that
was the last thing.
That I see. #END_wild_west
This 4 minutes we are all done.
All good.